Industries evaluation (#85)
nestauk/dap_prinz_green_jobs: dap_prinz_green_jobs/notebooks/README.md

## 📓 Notebooks

The notebooks in this directory analyse results the three measures of greenness: industries, occupations and skills.

The sample of job adverts analysed is defined in `dap_prinz_green_jobs/pipeline/ojo_application/extract_green_measures.py`.

### Between Measures Analysis

> This notebook contains analysis of green measures **between** industries, occupations and skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `between_measures_analysis.ipynb` notebook contains analysis of green measures **between** industries, occupations and skills.
```
